#!/usr/bin/env perl
use strictures 1;
use App::PerlMark;
App::PerlMark->run;

__END__

=head1 NAME

perlmark - Distributed recommendations, tags and notes for modules

=head1 USAGE

    perlmark <command> [<options>...] <arguments>...

Information about options and arguments to individual commands can be
found in the help screen of the respective commands. See L</help>.

=head2 Your Profile

The location of your global default home directory is automatically
determined from your system type (by L<File::HomeDir>).

You can pass a C<--profile> option, or set the C<PERLMARK_PROFiLE>
environment variable to point to another place to store the profile data.
This needs to be a directory, but can also be an SSH location in the form
of C<ssh://[E<lt>userE<gt>@]E<lt>hostE<gt>:E<lt>pathE<gt>>.

=head2 Search Patterns

The L</tags> and L</search> commands take a set of patterns to match
against their queried data. The following meta-characters are supported at
the moment: C<%> signifying string start and end, depending on position;
C<*> meaning zero or more instances of any kind of character; and C<+>
meaning one or more instances of any kind of character.

=head1 COMMANDS

=head2 help

    perlmark help
    perlmark help <command>

This command will give you a list of available commands when given no
arguments. If you give it the name of a command, it will show you the
usage information for that command.

=head2 recommend

    perlmark recommend <modules>...

This will mark the given modules as recommended. Already recommended
modules will not be changed. 

See C<perlmark help recommend> for more information.

=head2 unrecommend

    perlmark unrecommend <modules>...

This command will remove module recommendations. If the modules are not
recommended yet, nothing will be changed.

See C<perlmark help unrecommend> for more information.

=head2 search

    perlmark search
    perlmark search <patterns>...

This command will search the list of known modules and display results. It
can give concise lists or expanded information.

See C<perlmark help search> for more information.

=head2 info

    perlmark info <modules>...

Shows all known information about the given module names. See L</search>
for finding modules by patterns instead of full modules names.

See C<perlmark help info> for more information.

=head2 note

    perlmark note <modules>...

Allows you to attach notes to modules and specific module versions. The
notes will have content-digest IDs.

See C<perlmark help note> for more information.

=head2 rm-notes

    perlmark rm-notes <note-identifiers>...

This command removes notes from modules and specific versions by their
content-digest IDs.

See C<perlmark help rm-notes> for more information.

=head2 tag

    perlmark tag <module> <tags>...

Attaches tags to modules and specific module versions. Already attached
tags will be skipped.

See C<perlmark help tag> for more information.

=head2 untag

    perlmark untag <module> <tags>...

Removes tags from modules and specific module versions.

See C<perlmark help untag> for more information.

=head2 tags

    perlmark tags
    perlmark tags <patterns>...

Searches the list of available tags, or gives you the full list if no
patterns are specified.

See C<perlmark help tags> for more information.

=head2 export

    perlmark export <target>

Exports your current profile to a specific location.

See C<perlmark help export> for more information.

=head2 import

    perlmark import <target>
    perlmark import --override <target>

Imports external profile data into your current profile.

See C<perlmark help import> for more information.

=head2 subscribe

    perlmark subscribe <name> <target>

Adds a subscription to an external profile. The data of the external
profile will be included in relevant places when querying for information.

The external data will be cached, so after an update has happened no
connection is required to query the information.

See C<perlmark help subscribe> for more information.

=head2 unsubscribe

    perlmark unsubscribe <names>...

Removes the named external profile subscriptions. They will no longer be
included when querying for data.

See C<perlmark help unsubscribe> for more information.

=head2 sources

    perlmark sources
    perlmark sources --discover

Will give you a list of external profile sources you are currently
subscribed to. The C<--discover> option will search for sources you are
not yet subscribed to.

See C<perlmark help sources> for more information.

=head2 update

    perlmark update
    perlmark update <names>...

Will update the locally cached versions of the named (or all, if none are
named) external profile sources.

See C<perlmark help update> for more information.

=head2 forget

    perlmark forget <modules>...

Removes all information about the given modules. This includes tags,
notes, recommendations and version specific data.

See C<perlmark help forget> for more information.

=head1 AUTHOR

Robert Sedlacek <rs@474.at>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2012 the App::PerlMark L</AUTHOR> and L</CONTRIBUTORS>
as listed above.

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software and may be distributed under the same terms
as perl itself.

=cut
