#!/usr/bin/env perl
use strictures 1;
use App::PMark;
App::PMark->run;

__END__

=head1 NAME

pmark - Distributed recommendations, tags and notes for modules

=head1 USAGE

    pmark <command> [<options>...] <arguments>...

Information about options and arguments to individual commands can be
found in the help screen of the respective commands. See L</help>.

=head2 Your Profile

The location of your global default home directory is automatically
determined from your system type (by L<File::HomeDir>).

You can pass a C<--profile> option, or set the C<PERLMARK_PROFiLE>
environment variable to point to another place to store the profile data.
This needs to be a directory, but can also be an SSH location in the form
of C<ssh://[E<lt>userE<gt>@]E<lt>hostE<gt>:E<lt>pathE<gt>>.

=head2 Search Patterns

The L</tags> and L</search> commands take a set of patterns to match
against their queried data. The following meta-characters are supported at
the moment: C<%> signifying string start and end, depending on position;
C<*> meaning zero or more instances of any kind of character; and C<+>
meaning one or more instances of any kind of character.

=head1 COMMANDS

=head2 help

    pmark help
    pmark help <command>

This command will give you a list of available commands when given no
arguments. If you give it the name of a command, it will show you the
usage information for that command.

=head2 recommend

    pmark recommend <modules>...

This will mark the given modules as recommended. Already recommended
modules will not be changed. 

See C<pmark help recommend> for more information.

=head2 unrecommend

    pmark unrecommend <modules>...

This command will remove module recommendations. If the modules are not
recommended yet, nothing will be changed.

See C<pmark help unrecommend> for more information.

=head2 search

    pmark search
    pmark search <patterns>...

This command will search the list of known modules and display results. It
can give concise lists or expanded information.

See C<pmark help search> for more information.

=head2 info

    pmark info <modules>...

Shows all known information about the given module names. See L</search>
for finding modules by patterns instead of full modules names.

See C<pmark help info> for more information.

=head2 note

    pmark note <modules>...

Allows you to attach notes to modules and specific module versions. The
notes will have content-digest IDs.

See C<pmark help note> for more information.

=head2 rm-notes

    pmark rm-notes <note-identifiers>...

This command removes notes from modules and specific versions by their
content-digest IDs.

See C<pmark help rm-notes> for more information.

=head2 tag

    pmark tag <module> <tags>...

Attaches tags to modules and specific module versions. Already attached
tags will be skipped.

See C<pmark help tag> for more information.

=head2 untag

    pmark untag <module> <tags>...

Removes tags from modules and specific module versions.

See C<pmark help untag> for more information.

=head2 tags

    pmark tags
    pmark tags <patterns>...

Searches the list of available tags, or gives you the full list if no
patterns are specified.

See C<pmark help tags> for more information.

=head2 export

    pmark export <target>

Exports your current profile to a specific location.

See C<pmark help export> for more information.

=head2 import

    pmark import <target>
    pmark import --override <target>

Imports external profile data into your current profile.

See C<pmark help import> for more information.

=head2 subscribe

    pmark subscribe <name> <target>

Adds a subscription to an external profile. The data of the external
profile will be included in relevant places when querying for information.

The external data will be cached, so after an update has happened no
connection is required to query the information.

See C<pmark help subscribe> for more information.

=head2 unsubscribe

    pmark unsubscribe <names>...

Removes the named external profile subscriptions. They will no longer be
included when querying for data.

See C<pmark help unsubscribe> for more information.

=head2 sources

    pmark sources
    pmark sources --discover

Will give you a list of external profile sources you are currently
subscribed to. The C<--discover> option will search for sources you are
not yet subscribed to.

See C<pmark help sources> for more information.

=head2 update

    pmark update
    pmark update <names>...

Will update the locally cached versions of the named (or all, if none are
named) external profile sources.

See C<pmark help update> for more information.

=head2 forget

    pmark forget <modules>...

Removes all information about the given modules. This includes tags,
notes, recommendations and version specific data.

See C<pmark help forget> for more information.

=head1 AUTHOR

Robert Sedlacek <rs@474.at>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2012 the App::PMark L</AUTHOR> and L</CONTRIBUTORS>
as listed above.

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software and may be distributed under the same terms
as perl itself.

=cut
